Shen Jiarong is the first wealthy family
Just talking about the strength of the next year is far above the Yang family
It turned out that Brother Shen was incontinent before
Dare to ask when Brother Shen knew my identity
I wanted to take advantage of your status in Shu Du
Enter the Shudu market
And today, I realized something.
If I don't give you your identity again
Brother Shen is actually right
From my current situation
Without reinforcements
I'm afraid it won't last long
So how can we cooperate?
I've prepared it for you.
I pay, you pay
Why did you ask me here today?
I have a surprise for you.
This gentleman
I'm a little dizzy
Can you drive me home tonight?
Okay, left and right, almost okay
Brother Shen, what's the matter?